In the southwestern reaches of Cosmatora, deep within the vast bamboo forests, safety can never be guaranteed, not even during daylight hours. As the sunlight filters through endless bamboo thickets acting as an invitation, a creature showcases that the portective sunlight is a lie describing false safety. Unlike most other subnatural predatory entities, this particular creature is most active during the day. Its presence has been documented in salvaged footage left behind by those unfortunate enough to cross paths with the intelligent being known as the Day-Walker.

The Day-Walker is a rare and disturbing mutation that originated from the more common Night-Walker. It’s intellect however unlike a normal Night-Walker can be compared to that of a human being. How the mutation came to be, we can not with certainty explain, but it’s widely believed that it has to do with the younger Night-Walker children’s overconsumption of human remains. 

Unlike its nocturnal counterpart, the Day-Walker has developed a higher level of intelligence, allowing it to deduce that more travelers pass through the bamboo forests during daylight as they assume that they are safer at day. As a result, it has deliberately shifted its hunting cycle to the daytime and has since developed behavioral ”tools” after close observation of the prey’s actions to enhance the daytime hunting experience.
Despite the change in its active hours, the daywalker uses similar methods to that of the night-walker when trapping its victims. Those who encounter either version of the creature are quickly engulfed in a translucent, ghostly fog. The being itself takes on a vaguely humanoid form, yet it is unmistakably inhuman as it can be seen standing between the tall bamboo at 4 to 6 meters tall, wreathed in a shroud of darkness, with a face that eludes all attempts to see it clearly. Be aware that if you are ever engulfed by fog while traveling through a bamboo forest alone, the creature is already stalking you. Your every move is being observed. At this point it is already to late. Therefor we suggest you end your own life before you’re captured. Being captured by the creature does not equal death, but can with certainty garuantee something far worse.

OBS: The creature only stalks single travelers and therefore traveling as a group is relatively safe as long as you do not split up.